Doc fix for https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-4277 (#5182)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_hosted_bm.adoc

EOF
----

> . Configure the MetalLB Operator by creating an `IPAddressPool` with a single IP address and `BGPAdvertisement` to advertise the LoadBalancer IPs provided by the IPAddressPool via BGP protocol. This IP address must be on the same subnet as the network that the cluster nodes use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the MetalLB Operator by creating two resources:
+
** An `IPAddressPool` resource with a single IP address. This IP address must be on the same subnet as the network that the cluster nodes use.
** A `BGPAdvertisement` resource to advertise the load balancer IP addresses that the `IPAddressPool` resource provides through the BGP protocol.
```
- In general, it's a best practice to include a noun after the name of a resource or variable. In my revision, I included "resource" after `IPAddressPool` and `BGPAdvertisement`. If "resource" is not the right term to use, let me know.
- The first sentence was becoming a little unwieldy with the addition of the new information, so I restructured the content to use a list for easier readability. Also, I assumed that the second sentence ("This IP address must be on the same subnet...") was referring to the IP address for the `IPAddressPool` resource.
